2 Timothy, we'll continue here with our theme
throughout this calendar year has been continue.
It's a new month, August the 4th, first Sunday of August.
And that means we have a new memory verse
for the month of August.
It's 2 Timothy 1 and verse number 12.
And I hope that you'll be working on that.
You need to have every day of this month that has 31 days
to be able to memorize this verse of scripture, work on it.
It is a little more lengthy
than some of the other verses of scripture
that we've had as our memory verses for each month,
but 2 Timothy 1 and verse number 12.
And I hope that you would work on that.
And let me just mention,
as we get into the text of scripture,
how thankful I am for God's word, amen.
And I am so thankful that God has not only inspired
his word, but he preserved his word.
And that is so impactful for us today
to understand the truth of preservation
and that we can have confidence
in what God has told us in his word.
We have, as you study throughout God's word,
you have had the opportunity, of course,
to learn many things about the apostle Paul.
You read the New Testament
and Paul is a very prominent character
throughout the New Testament.
We know much about Paul and we've noted
as he's writing here in this particular final letter
that Paul is writing from a Roman prison
and he's awaiting a martyr's death.
And we understand that historically,
the timing with regard to the writing of this letter.
And we find that there are several letters
that were written during the time
that the apostle Paul was there in prison.
We find that he was in prison a couple of different times,
this being his final imprisonment before his death.
And of course, the final letter that he would write.
Although his circumstances are less than desirable
being in prison, we find that he continues
to faithfully serve the Lord.
And I'm thankful for that example
because there are times in which you and I
will face difficult circumstances.
We'll have circumstances that we say,
this isn't what I was hoping for,
this isn't what I desired,
this isn't the way that I thought it was gonna work out.
We can still serve God.
We can still be faithful to serve the Lord.
And we find that the apostle Paul,
during this period of time of his life,
he continues to seek to encourage
not only churches, but also individuals.
We find that as he would have opportunity
to invest in and encourage others,
he's encouraging churches, he's encouraging individuals.
And what a blessing to understand that.
We find that as we read the Pauline epistles,
that we have the opportunity to understand
and to see how the apostle Paul
was being used of the Lord
to encourage these church families and these individuals.
And I would say, even still today,
because God has preserved his word,
that the words are still being used to encourage us today.
His behavior, his belief in God
is still being used to encourage believers today.
And for that, we are thankful.
In many of the epistles, he lists people by name.
And many times, the names that are given,
we don't know a whole lot about those individuals.
As we close this first chapter of 2 Timothy,
we find that we're introduced to a character
with the name of Onesiphorus.
We begin to understand,
as we look at this passage of scripture,
that Paul is going to give us some information
about this man, though it's limited.
There's not a lot that we know about Onesiphorus.
But what we know is challenging.
What we know is encouraging.
And we find that many times throughout the scriptures,
throughout the New Testament in particular,
we have the opportunity to read and to study
how Paul is ministering to other people,
how Paul is ministering to churches,
how Paul is ministering to individuals,
how Paul is yielding himself to Christ,
that he says that he's willing to spend and be spent,
that he's willing to go through
and to face the adversity and the trial
because he's serving Christ
and God is using him to minister to others.
Here, however, we have the opportunity to learn
about a man who ministered to Paul.
We get to learn this morning about this man, Onesiphorus,
and how he was used of the Lord to minister to Paul.
The text of scripture, beginning in verse number 16,
the Bible says this,
the Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus,
for he oft refreshed me and was not ashamed of my chain.
But when he was in Rome,
he sought me out very diligently and found me.
The Lord grant unto him
that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day.
And in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus,
thou knowest very well.
It's interesting because at the end of verse number 15,
as we concluded last week,
Paul had given a charge to Timothy
and it was in verse 13, to hold fast,
in verse 14, to keep.
And I said, if I could summarize verse 15,
it was to continue because there were those in Asia
that were turned away from Paul.
He mentions phygilis and homogenies by name,
but then immediately after that kind of negative note,
if you will, he says,
now, let me tell you about Onesiphorus.
Let me tell you about this man
who he says, he oft refreshed me.
I wanna use that as the title this morning,
he oft refreshed me.
As we look at the text of scripture,
I want you to first consider with me, number one,
consider the effort of Onesiphorus,
the effort of Onesiphorus.
I use that word because as I look at verse number 17,
we find that the Bible says this, he sought me out,
notice what it says, very diligently.
We begin to think about the phraseology
that is used there and we find that this statement
that God allows the apostle Paul to use
with regard to the ministry of Onesiphorus
and how he oft refreshed him,
we're given glimpse into the effort of this individual
and it reveals something to us about his character.
As it says here that he sought me out very diligently,
I believe that it reveals to us
that this man Onesiphorus, he was determined.
He was determined.
In your life and in my life,
we need to be determined to do some things.
We need to just determine that we're going
to be yielded to Christ,
that we're going to live for Christ.
We understand what he did for us
and we're gonna be determined
and I find that here in this text of scripture
that it says he sought me out very diligently
and notice it says and found me
and we see the determination of this man.
He was desiring to be used of the Lord
to be a blessing and an encouragement
to Paul, no doubt Paul had played some role in his life
of maybe leading him to Christ,
maybe mentoring him.
We have no idea exactly the context of all that took place
but we know that Paul mentions in verse 18
how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus,
thou knowest very well.
So this man Onesiphorus, he goes and he's seeking for Paul.
It says that he sought very diligently.
He was determined.
I wonder this morning as we think about this word effort
and we consider the effort of Onesiphorus,
I wonder this morning how determined we are
to be a blessing to someone else.
I wonder this morning how much effort we put forth
Do we just give up at that?
Well, I tried, I looked and I didn't find.
No, he sought him out very diligently
and just stop at the first roadblock.
You ever have a situation where there's some roadblocks
in life and that hurdle comes, that opposition?
No, he didn't stop at that.
He sought him out very diligently.
It reveals to me not only that he was determined
but it was that he was disciplined.
There was some discipline in his life.
And we find that in the very next text of scripture
in chapter number two of this book
that God is going to remind us that we're soldiers.
We sang this morning about being soldiers
in the Lord's army and I'm thankful that we are
to be good soldiers as we find
in 2 Timothy chapter number one.
But something that's important when you think about
those that serve in the military
and we can see it in our own nation
and think about the military branches.
But as we think about being in the Lord's army,
discipline is required.
Discipline is absolutely essential.
And I believe that as I look at the effort
of this man Onesiphorus, he was determined,
he was disciplined.
But when the Bible tells us not only that he sought me out
very diligently in verse 17, but we come to verse 18
and it says at the end of the verse,
and in how many things he, Onesiphorus,
ministered unto me, Paul, at Ephesus,
thou, Timothy, knowest very well.
So Timothy was aware of the behavior,
the ministry of Onesiphorus while in Ephesus.
This was not something that I don't think Onesiphorus
did it necessarily to be recognized,
to be applauded for his ministry,
but it was something that was evidenced.
It was something that was known.
Paul had, excuse me, Timothy had observed
the ministry of Onesiphorus or Paul had shared with
Timothy how Onesiphorus had ministered unto him,
but he says this, thou, Timothy, thou knowest very well.
So I believe as we look at this effort,
not only does it reveal to us in his character
that he's determined and disciplined,
but I would say this this morning, he was consistent.
He was consistent.
this effort that is being put forth was not just a one-and-done kind of a
situation. There was a consistency on the part of Onesiphorus that he just wanted
to be a blessing. You ever sing that song, Make Me a Blessing? Man, what a wonderful
song. Make me a blessing, Lord. Use me to be a blessing in someone's life today. And
we find that this man, Onesiphorus, again, there's not much that we know about
Onesiphorus, but what we know in these few verses of Scripture, how powerful it
is. We're going to think about the effort. Again, I'm going to ask myself and I'm
going to ask you to ask yourself this morning, how much effort do we put in? You
know, oftentimes you get out what you put in. You ever hear somebody use that
phraseology? And I'm thankful that as we have the opportunity to serve the Lord
and we look at this ministry of Onesiphorus, that he had put forth great
effort. It leads me to consider number two this morning. Again, if you're taking
notes, not only consider the effort of Onesiphorus, but I want you to consider
the effectiveness of Onesiphorus. The effectiveness. I want to be effective in
life. Amen? I don't want to just kind of spin my wheels. You know what I mean by
that? I want to be effective. I don't want to just waste time. I don't want to
waste words and I don't want to wait. I want to be effective in my life. We find
that as we look at this text of Scripture and we see the effort that
Onesiphorus put forth, we also acknowledge in the text of Scripture the
effectiveness of his ministry. Notice what Paul says in verse 16. He says,
The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus, for he oft refreshed me and was not
ashamed of my chain. That word oft means frequently. It means to not be rare. It's
a common part of one's behavior. So the Bible says that he oft, regularly, more
than one time, frequently, Paul was in prison. Can you imagine? I hope I never
have to go to prison. Amen? I hope. Do you hope you never have to go to prison? I
don't want to go to prison, but if I go to prison, I hope somebody visits me. Amen?
Back in the whole COVID thing, Mr. Don said, If you go to prison, I'll come visit
you because we're having church. I said, Well, that encourages me greatly. Thank
you, Mr. Don. I appreciate it. Amen? And one person will come visit me. But the
reality is that I don't want to be in prison, but I can think about being in
prison and the loneliness that could accompany. Listen, you understand the
prison that Paul was in is not like the prisons in America today. It's not like
the prisons in America today. It's a dark, cool, wet, dungeon type of a place. And as
Paul is there, and no doubt he's having great fellowship with God, and he's had
the opportunity to write a number of letters, but I want you to think about
someone coming to visit. And Paul says he oft, it wasn't just one time, he frequently
was part of his behavior. I think if I could use my sanctified imagination this
morning, if you could as well, I think as we look at the text of Scripture, that it
was something that Paul probably looked forward to. The fellowship that he could
enjoy as Onesiphorus would come. And the Bible says that he, Onesiphorus, oft,
regularly refreshed me. The word refresh means to invigorate. It means to revive.
It means to cheer up. Now we know that Paul was a man that was a joyful
Christian. In fact, as he's writing to the church in Philippi, the Philippian
believers, he's saying to them to rejoice. He's writing from prison. He was
in prison in Philippi. He was in prison when he's writing the letter back to the
Philippians, and he says, rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say rejoice. But
I want you to understand that God uses people to encourage us. And turn over, if
you will, hold your place here in 2nd Timothy, turn to the book of 2nd
Corinthians, if you will, and chapter number 6. And I want you to see what God
tells us here in 2nd Corinthians. I'm sorry, chapter 7. 2nd Corinthians chapter
number 7. 2nd Corinthians chapter number 7. Begin looking at verse number 4, if you
will. The Bible says, great is my boldness of speech toward you. Great is my
glorying of you. I am filled with comfort. I am exceeding joyful in all our
tribulation. That's an amazing verse of Scripture, that Paul could say that I am
exceeding joyful, not just a joyful, but I'm exceeding joyful in all our
tribulation. The mindset of many today is that if I could have no tribulation, then
I might be able to have joy. But Paul says in the midst of my tribulation, I am
exceeding joyful. Notice as you continue reading, it says 4 in verse 5, when we
were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled. Notice what
he says, on every side. Without were fightings, within were fears. Nevertheless,
God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us, how? By the coming of
Titus. God used Titus, according to 2nd Corinthians chapter number 7, in a time in
Paul's life where they were dealing with much tribulation, where they were troubled
on every side, where there were fightings without, there was fear within. But God,
who is the God of all comfort, that's how we're introduced to God in 2nd Corinthians
chapter number 1, that he is the God of all comfort. And here Paul says, God, that
comforteth those that are cast down, he provided me with comfort by the coming of
Titus. I think about Onesiphorus here in this text of Scripture in 2nd Timothy
chapter number 1, where the Bible says that he oft refreshed me. There was a
measure of effectiveness on the part of this man's ministry. It was not in vain. Do
you remember what Job said about his three friends? Job's three friends, they come
and they're there. And what are his three friends? The best thing they did for him
is stay quiet. But then they started talking. Right? When they were quiet, it was
pretty good. But then they start talking. And they're going to try to help Job
understand why Job's dealing with all the things that he's dealing with. And they
begin to make these accusations and all the things that take place. And the
reality is that Job eventually will say, miserable comforters. That's how he
referred to those friends. Miserable comforters are ye. But here, Paul says in
Onesiphorus, he oft refreshed me. The effectiveness. I believe that as I look
here at this text of Scripture in 2nd Timothy chapter number 1, I can't help
but believe that there's a connection between the two thoughts that we have
before us this morning. That the effectiveness of the ministry of
Onesiphorus is tied directly to the effort of Onesiphorus. He put forth the
effort. He sought him out very diligently. And he found him. And it says that he
oft refreshed me. I believe this morning that the effort that was put forth led
to this man being effective in his ministry. I want to be effective. I hope
this morning you want to be effective. But you got to put in some effort. You
got to put in effort if you want to be effective. We have a, if I could speak and
paint with a very broad brush this morning, we have a time in our nation's
history, in our culture today where people try to do the least that they can
do. They just want to get by. They just want to do enough to pass. They just want
to put in enough to be able to get whatever they need to get. Can I tell you
that that's not how we ought to look at life as God's children. We're going to look at
life that I'm willing, as Paul said, to spend and be spent. I'm willing to put
forth the effort because I want to be effective in ministry. You know, again,
I said this on Wednesday night, I'm not watching the Olympics, but I think about
the Olympic athletes, and over the years I have done some study with regard to
some of what training regiments and what have you. You know, they put in great
effort in order to compete on that stage so that they might have a medal. I'm not
interested in a participation trophy. Amen? I played a lot of sports growing up.
We were very involved in sports and what have you. State champions in baseball
loved it, enjoyed it. It was a great thing when we got that first place trophy. We
were the state champions. I did not want a participation trophy. I had the view,
and I understand if it's offensive, I don't mean to be offensive, but I had the
view growing up that second place was the first loser. It's just how I thought.
I wanted to put in the effort.
When we serve God, if we wanna be effective,
we gotta put in the effort.
We gotta put in the effort.
And this man, Onesiphorus, he put in the effort
and he was effective.
Paul says of this man, Onesiphorus,
he oft refreshed me.
He oft refreshed me.
He says to Timothy in verse 18,
listen, Timothy, you know how many things
he ministered unto me at Ephesus.
Thou knowest very well.
This morning, we consider the effort of Onesiphorus.
We consider the effectiveness of Onesiphorus.
Finally, this morning, number three,
I want you to consider the example of Onesiphorus.
The example.
You ever wonder as you read God's word
why God chose to preserve certain things?
I do.
I don't say that with a critical mindset.
I say it with an inquisitive mindset.
Listen, no one told God what he had to write to us.
No one told God how many chapters, how many verses.
God had no criteria.
He gave us exactly what he wanted us to have.
And so you come to a few verses of scripture
here in 2 Timothy chapter number one
and you see that God is letting us have this picture,
this understanding of this individual
by the name of Onesiphorus
and God chose to preserve it for us.
Why?
Not just so that we could know about Onesiphorus
but that we could have this as an example for us.
Now we understand this morning
that the greatest example is the Lord Jesus Christ.
Peter speaks about how he left us an example
that we should follow his steps.
And no doubt, it's important that we understand
the example of Christ.
But Paul says of himself in 1 Corinthians,
be followers of me even as I also am of Christ.
And so we can be examples, we can have examples
and we find in the text of scripture
an example that is worthy of following.
Why do I say it's a worthy example?
Well, because he was effective.
Paul says he offered refreshment.
I mean, that's a great compliment, is it not?
You think about how many times God used Paul
to be able to minister to others
and how God used Paul to be a blessing
and an encouragement and a help to so many people.
And now Paul on the other end,
and he says, this man oft refreshed me.
And so this morning, I ask myself some questions
and I ask you as well, how can God use you?
How can God use me to oft refresh
a brother or sister in Christ?
I wonder this morning, can God use us
to oft refresh a brother or sister in Christ?
I think the answer is absolutely.
God desires to use us.
God desires to allow us to be a vessel that is used
to help to bring that encouragement,
that spirit of reviving, if you will,
invigorating our brother and sister in Christ.
And so God desires to use us.
How can he use us?
Well, the answer to that question will be varied.
God may use you to oft refresh a brother
or a sister in Christ by a simple phone call,
a simple phone call.
But you know what is required
to make that simple phone call?
Effort, effort.
How many times you've said, man,
I was planning to call that person, right?
You know, if I just, I was gonna write him a note
and I just didn't do it, I didn't put forth the effort.
Right?
We understand that this morning.
And so it takes effort.
We, it could be a simple phone call.
It could be a simple text message.
It could be a handwritten note.
Now, handwritten notes are something
that people don't do a whole lot anymore,
but you know, there's something I think that's special
about a handwritten note.
I believe that a handwritten note
communicates something to an individual
greater than just a text message or an email
or something like that,
because there's a little bit more effort
that goes into it, right?
Would you agree?
I think about our missionaries.
You know how many times our missionaries contact me
and say something with regard to how much they appreciate
that our church family sends them cards
for their birthdays and anniversaries.
We have some ladies in our church
that faithfully, month after month after month,
they write cards to our missionaries,
to their children of our missionaries
on their anniversaries to our missionaries
to send them, to let them know that someone knows
that it's their birthday, that it's their anniversary,
that they're praying for them.
You know what that does to that individual
on the foreign field?
It refreshes them.
So many times, there's one missionary,
so I contact the men.
I don't send happy birthday texts to the ladies,
the wives of our missionaries,
but to all the men, I send them a text or an email
when it's their birthday.
When it's their anniversary, I send them a note,
let them know, happy anniversary,
I hope you and your wife have a wonderful day.
Rejoicing in the goodness of God in your lives,
and just try to give just a short note.
But there's effort that's required.
One missionary said recently,
he said, out of 100 churches that support us,
your church is the only church
that's ever wished me a happy birthday
when I've been on the field.
That's sad, but I'm also thankful
that we at least did that.
It takes effort, it takes effort.
You know, we put effort into a lot of things, do we not?
We put effort in a lot of things.
Put effort into serving the Lord,
putting effort into desiring to be a blessing
to someone else.
As we see the example of Onesiphorus,
he was purposed, he was determined,
he was disciplined, he was consistent,
and he put in the effort.
I would say this this morning,
if we look at the example of Onesiphorus
and we seek to apply it in our lives,
that we must ask the Lord to give us opportunities.
As we sing the song, make me a blessing,
we say, Lord, would you give me opportunities,
would you help me to have eyes to see
the opportunities to be a blessing to someone else,
and then help me to be effective in being a blessing?
I think about a few verses of Scripture,
look over to the book of Galatians, if you will,
in chapter number six,
and we look at this text of Scripture,
and we find here that Paul is writing and ministering
to these churches in the region of Galatia,
and there's dealing with much turmoil and difficulty
that's taking place,
and here as he wraps up this letter,
he gives them this truth in Galatians six
and verse number 10 that's so important for us
to apply in our lives this morning
with regard to this subject matter,
he oft refreshed me,
and if we truly desire that God would use us
like God used Onesiphorus,
that God would use us to be a blessing to someone else,
we must acknowledge that we have to put in the effort,
we desire to be effective,
we're requesting of the Lord
that he would give us opportunities,
and notice in Galatians six and verse number 10,
as we have therefore opportunity,
let us do good unto all men,
especially unto them who are of the household of faith.
I think about these first few words
as we have therefore opportunity.
You know what's interesting about opportunity?
It doesn't last forever.
What do I mean by that?
Someone said this,
opportunities are often easier seen going than coming.
Man, I miss that opportunity,
because the opportunity presented itself
and then it's the circumstances change,
the conditions change.
What if Onesiphorus was sitting back there and say,
you know, I really wanna go be a blessing to Paul,
I know that he's in prison,
I know that he's gonna be martyred,
and I really wanna be a blessing to him,
but I gotta, you know,
and he just didn't take the opportunity.
And then Paul is martyred and he says,
you know, I wish I would have,
but the opportunity isn't available anymore.
The opportunity is gone.
So he says, as we have therefore opportunity,
the reality is that what we know
is that we have this moment to live for Christ.
We have this moment to live for Christ.
The young people in here might say,
oh, I got the rest of my life ahead of me.
You don't know that,
because you don't know how long the rest of your life is,
nor do I, nor does anyone in this building.
None of us know how many days we have left on this earth.
There's but a step between me and death.
But we also believe the countdown's getting lower every day.
Three and two, coming through.
Amen, Jesus is coming again.
And so as we have opportunity, what does he say?
Let us do good unto all men,
especially unto them who are of the household of faith.
We see this in Galatians 6.10.
I want you to turn to the book of Hebrews,
and we'll be done this morning.
Hebrews chapter number six.
I want you to see what God says
here in Hebrews chapter number six.
What a great encouragement as I begin to think about
those that are desiring to be effective in ministry,
desiring to be a blessing to someone else,
desiring to look at this example of Onesiphorus
in 2 Timothy.
chapter number one and say, you know, I think God could use me, just like God
used Onesiphorus. Who is the man? We don't know much about him. Where was he
trained? I have no idea. How old was he? I have no idea. We don't know all
those details, but what we do know is that he oft refreshed Paul. Look at
Hebrews 6 and verse number 10. The Bible says this, for God is not unrighteous to
forget your work and labor of love, which ye have showed toward his name, and that
ye have ministered to the saints and do minister. We're going to think about this
verse of Scripture. The Bible says that this, these folks that are being written
to here, that number one, God is not unrighteous to forget. See, there are
times in which we labor, there are times in which we seek to minister, and we know
maybe the way that God used us to be a blessing to someone else, but there are
many times that we may have no idea how God used us to be a blessing to someone
else. We may not know when God prompts you to send that text message, to make
that phone call. We don't know what the person on the other end is dealing with.
We don't know the heartache and the trial that they're experiencing in that
moment, but you follow the leadership, the prompting of the Holy Spirit of God
to be a blessing, to be a minister to that individual. God knows about that, and
God will bless that. It says this, he's not unrighteous to forget. Notice, your
work and labor of love. I think about those two words that are used to here in
Hebrews 6 and verse number 10. He says, your work and labor. What does that
reveal to you? Effort. Does it not? Your work and labor. Those are the two words
that are used here in Hebrews 6 and verse number 10. These words, just in my
life and in my understanding, it reveals to me streams of effort, work. Listen,
work is, you gotta put it before, effort. Labor. You think about the word labor, the
effort that is contained within the thought here. Your work and labor of
love, which ye have showed toward his name. So let's pause just for a moment.
Onesiphorus oft refreshed Paul, but you know who Onesiphorus was ultimately
serving? Christ. Serving Christ. You know who you're serving, you know who I'm
serving? We're serving Christ. We're serving Christ. Now, God might use us to
be a blessing to each other, to some other brother or sister in Christ, and he
wants to do that, but ultimately what we're doing is for the Lord. It's for
Christ. It's that we would understand that our labor is for him, and it says
this in that ye have ministered to the saints and do minister. The third aspect
that I mentioned when we talked about the effort of Onesiphorus was not only
that he was determined and disciplined, but he was consistent, and here in
Hebrews chapter 6 and verse number 10, it says that ye have ministered. What is
that? That's past tense. That's what you have done, but then it says, and do
minister. What is that? Well, that's present tense. Now, it can't speak of
future tense because we don't know what's on tomorrow. We know the God who
holds tomorrow, and by God's grace, we will continue to minister, but we can
think about the past. We say we have ministered, and we desire today to
minister, to be a blessing, to be a blessing. Can God use you to be a
blessing? Sure he can. God can use any of us. You say, oh, pastor, you don't know who
I am. I don't have any talents, any abilities. I have no skill. I have no...
God can use you to be a blessing. God can use you to be a blessing. You know the
story this morning? We live in a world where people need someone to be a
blessing to them. He oft refreshed me. Who are you encouraging? Who are you
ministering to? Who are you being a blessing to this morning? I understand
that we could say, well, this person was a blessing to me, and this person was a
blessing to me, and this person was a blessing to me, and this person did this,
but I'm asking this morning if we could put ourselves in Onessa Forrest's shoes.
Are we putting forth the effort? Not just kind of enough to get by, enough to check
a box. The Christian life isn't about checking boxes. Amen? It's not what it's about.
Putting forth the effort, why? Because I want to be effective. I want to be used of
God. I want to be effective. We see there's a great example here. This morning, I hope
every one of us would follow the example of Onessa Forrest, that we, as we have
opportunity, that we would seize the opportunity, and that we would do good.
It's a little early, but we have a baby dedication. I'm early on purpose. Let's
pray. We'll have our time of invitation, and then we'll have the baby dedication.
Let's pray together. Father, we love you. We thank you for loving us. We thank you
for the privilege of being able to gather together this morning. We thank you for your
word and for the truth that's contained therein. We thank you for this man, Onessa Forrest.
And God, we thank you for the example of this man, his effort, his effectiveness. And God,
I pray you would help each of us this morning to be challenged. Not to be content with just
doing enough to get by, not to be content with just status quo. God, that we would
truly desire to be used of you, used of thee, in the same manner in which Onessa Forrest
was used of thee. Help us to put forth that effort, Lord, that we might be effective.
I pray that you'd move and work in hearts and lives as only you can, and we'll thank
you for it. In Christ's name we pray.